well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about the assault weapons ban when I
start off by reading a list I want you
to stick with me as I read this list
it's not short list but it is important
to illustrate the stakes Wickliffe
middle school one dad five wounded
flackville held a high school two dead
one wounded Richland High School two
dead one wounded frontier middle school
three dead one wounded Bethel Regional
High School two dead two wounded pearl
high school three dead seven wounded
Heath high school three dead five
wounded Westside middle school five dead
ten wounded Parker middle school one day
three wounded
Thurston high school for dead 25 wounded
Columbine High School 15 dead 21 wounded
Santana high school to death 13 wounded
McDonough high school one dead three
wounded what do all of these have in
common all of these shootings took place
when the United States had an assault
weapons ban in place this is about a
third of them it's not even all of them
the assault weapons ban is an emotional
reaction it's a band-aid on a bullet
wound no socks do any good and didn't
last time it did not last time
it's not going to do any good because in
the firearms vocabulary there's no such
thing as an assault weapon it's a
made-up political term from that alone
it should tell you that this isn't going
to work it does not exist it's not a
real thing
the things that are classified as
assault weapons like the ar-15 it's all
cosmetic I did a three part series on
guns gun control and school shootings
I'm gonna link it please watch it
doesn't matter where you fall on this if
you're anti-gun you need to watch the
first two if you are pro-gun you need to
watch the third one and right now I'm
sure there's some pro-gun people out
there going yeah you're proving your
point you just sit down and wait the
assault weapons ban isn't gonna do what
you think it will and I know somebody
said well it's not gonna hurt yeah it
will the reason weapons like the ar-15
get used so often the ar-15 is the most
popular rifle in the United States so
when a kid decides he wants to shoot up
a school guess what's in the house this
would be a lot like banning the Camry
because it gets used in a lot of drunk
driving accidents because it's a popular
car doesn't make any sense
it won't hurt yeah well most of the
weapons that are classified as assault
weapons by legislation they are loaded
intermedia power like the ar-15 you take
those off get rid of them and let's
assume somehow you're magically going to
make this work and people are just going
to give them up it will be replaced with
the most likely candidate is a 30.6
which is a very high-powered rifle
it worked in other countries not really
not the way you think but even let's say
that it did other countries didn't have
more guns than people the United States
does we are a very special case when it
comes to guns and at the end of the day
it isn't the firearm semi-automatic
firearms have been available for the
civilian public for more than a hundred
years this is a relatively new
phenomenon okay now to the gun people
just stop this is your fault
this is your fault it's not my fault
yeah it is guns just a tool right how
many photos you have on Facebook of you
holding a hammer or a screwdriver or
sawzall pretending like it makes you a
man nothing right just that rifle it's
just that one tool glorifying that
violence why I needed to fight back
against the government sure you could
but you won't
LARPing on the weekend and posting
photos of it on Facebook proves you
won't
and then there's the means every time I
see one it drives me nuts you know my
gun sits there in the corner it's never
jumped up and killed anybody right my
question is why is your weapon not
secured out of these shootings that I
named how many were done because the
shooter got access to a weapon that
wasn't secured almost all of them
glorify violence for everything
everything every little infraction
becomes something worthy of death
well these protesters are making me late
let's try to pass legislation so we can
run them over and kill them step on my
flag I'll shoot you and then you wonder
why some kid walks into the school and
starts killing people I taught my kid to
shoot at 12 years old that's cool when
did you teach him conflict resolution
coping skills no maybe he's not ready
for a firearm I learned at that age
where to 12 11 something like that I can
tell this story cuz person that is gone
fairly certain if you did this today CPS
would come take your kids but I learned
to shoot on a marlin model 6e 22 caliber
rifle and he handed it to me and had me
shoot a shoebox shot it for ten minutes
then he wouldn't got the shoebox took
the duct tape off of and showed me the
squirrel inside from the very beginning
for me it actually was a tool it's a
tool with one purpose to kill that's
what a firearm is for stop pretending
like holding one
makes you masculine it doesn't but it
gives the idea that the gun makes the
man and this is the result you can't
blame this on lip tardes it's not what
it is it's the reaction to what you do
the image you present anyway it's just a
fault dive a good night